# Amazon S3 Output

The _Amazon S3 Output_ is useful for exporting your data to an _Amazon S3 Bucket_ of your choosing.

## Supported Formats

See [Supported File Formats](/outputs/supported-file-formats.md).


## Creating A New Amazon S3 Output

1. In the _Outputs_ tab click _Add Output_.
2. Give the output a name in the _Name_ field and optionally provide a description for this output in _Description_ field.
3. If you want to aggregate your data (see [Aggregating Data](/Outputs/aggregating-data.md)) check the _Aggregate Data_ checkbox.
4. In the _Data Source_ drop down menu select the [Data Source](/DataSources/README.md) you would like to create this output from. If you do not yet have a Data Source you can create one from this menu.
5. In the _Output To_ menu select _Amazon S3_.
6. In the _Connection_ menu select the connection to the bucket you would like to export to. If you have not yet configured a connection you can create one from this menu.
7. Click Next.
8. In the _Output Format_ field select one of the [supported output formats](/outputs/supported-file-formats.md).
9. In the _Comporession_ field select the [compression](/outputs/supported-compressions.md) you would like Upsolver to use to compress your files. If you do not want to compress the exported data select "None".
10. If you would like to have the files written to a certain prefix within the bucket you provided, type that prefix in the _Path_ field.
11. Click Next.
10. Configure your output schema and filters as described [here](/Outputs/configuring-schema-and-filters.md).
11. When ready, [start running your output](/Outputs/running-and-stopping-outputs.md).







